A more difficult but potentially more lucrative way to monetize a blog is by selling a product of your
own.
This could be a physical product or a digital product.
If you have an existing business selling physical products and you're building a blog to market them,
then you're good to go.
That's a really smart strategy.
And some of the biggest companies in the world are now using content marketing to their advantage.
So you are in very good company.
If you're just a blogger looking to create a revenue stream, digital information products may be a
good choice.
The Internet has disrupted a lot of industries and education is one of them were no longer totally reliant
on colleges and universities to learn new skills, professional or otherwise.
There's a huge growing industry of specialized online education and you're taking an online course right
now.
So you know exactly what I'm talking about.
If you have knowledge or expertise that other people want to attain, you can be part of this revolution.
It's never been easier to self publish an e-book on the Amazon Kindle store or even a physical book
with something like Create Space.
Same thing with video courses.
If you have the chops and if you're willing to put in the work, your courses can find a home on platforms
like Udemy or Skillshare, or you can even sell them on your own website.
Using a WordPress plugin like Course Press or a hosting platform like Teachable Information Products
offer an incredible opportunity to build a business around your blog.
You just have to be willing to put in the time and effort that's required to create something people
are willing to pay for.
Depending on your industry and your skill set, there are other digital products you could offer as
well, including software as a service, mobile apps, website, templates, WordPress, themes, things
of that nature, whatever it is, just make sure it's something that your audience actually wants and
that add some kind of value to their lives.
No amount of marketing can fix a bad product, so make sure you create something you're proud of.
Once you have a product, this course has already provided the blueprint for getting it into people's
hands.
It's all about creating epic content, getting people to opt into your list with valuable lead magnets,
sending them free exclusive content that's mind blowing really good.
And then eventually asking for the sale, using all the free value you've given them as leverage.
It's not an easy process, but it is a simple process and it works.